friends here.
We're going to do one simple practice with your furlough.
I mean,
I'm going to write a simple Python script.
The requirement.
These really string on print characters under day index values.
I mean,
suppose if you run your python skit,
it has to ask,
Enter your input,
then enter some import.
Let's say I'm going to under Impetus Python.
Then it has to do out.
Put us in this former B Y T Hatch warrior in at the same time,
it has to bring to the index value off your electors or characters in this way.
Right?
So there's before going to watch the next to part in this video.
First,
just to pass this video and try to write your script to read some string and to display or
put in this way,
I just You just do your try,
then come back and watch the remaining part right?
OK,
but as I know,
I'm going to write you just pass it on.
Try Skip from your site.
Okay,
let me sale.
Of course.
I mean,
skip name as read string,
then bring with index values.
Not really.
Night.
See,
You know if you want to read a string What you're to do Let me day user string I'm taking
equals two.
I need to read it String.
You know,
if you want to read a string,
you have to use input Syntax.
Right.
So what I'm doing is and very word string.
Okay,
imagine that use that user is going to enter anything.
Any string right now,
what I'm doing is see you for each character in your user string.
Let me print first all characters one by one.
Right now,
Let me my common line because I need to probably input for escape.
So I'm going with this Now.
Let me open your script.
Read strength printed index values.
This is your script?
No,
I'm going to run that script.
Right.
See that?
And that he was thing.
Suppose I'm and drink fight on.
You can enter anything.
So what is happening?
You're wondering.
Fight on what I'm bringing.
Oh,
I'm bringing use a string.
Not each character I want to print.
Then Elikann get one by one character.
Right.
Okay.
Let me read on.
So before going to rely on.
So,
guys,
what is the Mr Guided means in each and every repetition with your loop.
I'm bringing complete string,
but I should not print complaints.
String.
I want to print character.
But all the character you're getting in two days from your entire string one by one.
That character I want to print.
Not right just now.
I modified us cream.
No,
see,
I'm bringing each character right now.
Let me run your script Once I'm on things up.
Was fight on?
Yes.
You're getting P Y T hatch,
William.
Separately.
Nature never like.
But why printing your character,
right?
What is all required?
Output p some hyphen,
hyphen Adama,
then some indigent number.
So before that,
what I'm doing is see,
I'm taking your strings.
You want a variable value,
then hyphen iPhone?
Suppose in this way.
I'm trying.
You see the output first.
Now I'm running this.
I am providing Sting s python.
Yes,
you're getting P hyphen.
IPhone greater than symbol.
But after that water or do bring Here are two printed 012345 Likewise,
based on the number of characters you have,
these are simply what I'm doing.
Where is your script?
Yeah.
See,
what I'm doing is I'm taking before you are.
Luke.
I'm taking some index value are simply I x are simply index.
Let me take Index equals to Jiro.
Initially,
I'm making next value as Jiro.
Why?
Printing first variable value.
I will print this index as it is.
See that,
right?
No.
First let me run it so that you will get idea.
This is your script.
What I'm doing is I'm printing your character other than index.
What is the index?
Jiro?
So I suppose if we enter piped on I mean while running your escape.
If you enter any string,
some of them and drink fight on.
So then if you Abdul your script,
what will happen this people th win will go on replacing this variable in your look Now
this is B Y t h one.
Now you're loop is going to take one by one character on it is going to store into this
variable on that variable we're printing at the same time We're printing index also but in
next is a constant value.
That's why if I run the escape see the result Water is giving for all calculated for all
characters It is giving Jiro Jiro is not the correct index except your people.
See,
what I want to do is why printing P.
I want to print initial Bellagio.
So you're Loop is going to take second time.
Secondly,
character from your given string.
So before going to second before going to get second character,
what I am doing is after your prince statement inside off your Cole.
I'm increasing index value by one index equals two index plus one.
No,
let me explain here itself.
Supple.
Assume that you are entering string a spite on,
then.
Definitely.
Or python will replace in this way internally.
No.
See,
I am taking for us to be I mean,
your python on it is touring into this variable.
Then after that,
whatever the lines you have,
those lines will repeat once,
right?
So while printing this index barely initially,
it is Jiro.
That's why Geno will print.
Then your bite on will exclude next line.
So what you are doing you are increasing your next valid your A +11 now in your hand.
Next Wellies one.
Then you're part and will go on,
take next to character from your given string way.
That's why we're storing into this and then you're printing by on while Printing index,
What is the current index value?
Euro +11 Know your printing one right now.
Currently Next is one.
Then after this line,
what you're doing again,
you are increasing in next value one plus one.
Now that is to that means before going to take third character you are making your next
value has to So third character next is always to only write because 012 so likewise
automatically you are increasing your variable Corley,
you're required index.
So now you are required.
Skip,
you got it.
Not only Python,
you can take any variable.
Let me run on Provide simply scripting.
He's here.
Good one for automation mostly the result Space is also one character You need to remember
that right See automatically are getting for each and every character.
We are getting index values like So if you are able to understand these three lines on why
you have given indexing D'Costa Jiro before you are Luke,
then you are good with your lips.
Suppose if I'd guys this logic you can implement in different ways But I'm giving just for
the world get your idea on your loops.
I'm giving in this way.
This example.
My in case,
if you write in Mexico studio inside off your loop,
then before printing your line always you're making next valley Jiro then even know if we
change here before printing this line again.
You're making next value of Jiro.
Always will get Jiro.
That's why whenever,
if you want to initialize any variable,
right initial value,
it should be there always before you were Lou.
Nothing.
Now you take you and simply some fight on.
No problem not to like.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
Thank you for watching this for you.